Update code_standard.rst (#587)
microsoft/qlib: docs/developer/code_standard.rst

=================================
Continuous Integration (CI) tools help you stick to the quality standards by running tests every time you push a new commit and reporting the results to a pull request. 

> When you submit a PR request, you can check whether your code meets the specification in the "check" at the bottom of the web page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you submit a PR request, you can check whether your code passes the CI tests in the "check" section at the bottom of the web page.
```
